**1. How do we plan to collaborate?**

Scheduled Meetings: We'll organize weekly meetings on class days (Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays), utilizing both in-person and remote setups to accommodate everyone's availability. Additional meetings, if required, will be held remotely to ensure flexibility.
We plan to use git for collaboration (and also version control) and discord for communication purposes to ensure our project's progress is tracked efficiently. We plan to have a shared Google drive for anything that requires written documents or diagrams.


**2. How do we ensure that everyone in our group stays informed about the individual contributions?**

Whenever a member uploads or intends to complete a sizable contribution, he should write a note about this in a specific Discord channel so that everyone stays informed.
Whenever we have important lectures, anyone who physically attends the lecture shall briefly summarize the information and post it on the discord channel.


**3. How do we ensure knowledge transfer among our team members?**

We will use GitLab’s Wiki as a repository for bodies of knowledge that a member considers worth checking. In particular, whenever a group member adds a specific tool or library to the project (such as a unit code library, or others that we have not yet learned in this course or previous courses), he is also responsible for providing some summary of it in wiki.
Each time a new wiki chapter is added, the group member that added it will create a notice for other members to check it out. This notice will be posted in discord.
We will make sure to keep the wiki updated by this responsibility and also by having the duty to update every time that we read something that we know to be outdated.
We will have an open stance on helping out each other in individual assignments whenever a group member requests so.


**4. What is our usual communication plan?**

We shall use the main channel on Discord and onsite communication (around classes attendance) whenever necessary.


**5. How will we solve conflicts?**

We will try to hold a vote whenever possible and decide by majority. For important decisions, we will devote some meeting time for everyone to express their views on the subject at hand.
In case we cannot sort out the conflict by ourselves, we shall ask for the help of a Teaching Assistant in a mediating capacity.


**6. How do you plan to ensure responsible use of LLMs in your project and how do you transparently and traceability document the use of LLMs?**

We plan to make sure to not plagiarize, and also be skeptical of the LLM-produced results. We will reference (question that we asked, model that we used) our usage of LLM’s for the project. We will use it mostly for elaborating on our ideas and decisions, and will make sure to use it as an auxiliary tool and not a replacement of our own work.


**7. Response to the feedback of A4**

**Situations to use the LLM**

i. Code
C++ is not one of the languages that we are familiar with. Therefore, when we work on the actual project, we will most likely encounter coding problems. When encountering problems such as this, our group shall use the help of LLM.


ii. Technology Help
Technologies that we are using in the course such as Docker, and Multipass are something new that we are learning. Therefore, we expect to encounter problems with these and the help of LLM will increase our education.


iii. Generation of Test Codes
Though it is not necessary to create tests to pass the course, it would be better for us to have various unit tests. To reduce the time spent on generating test codes and enhance productability, our group has decided to use the help of LLM to auto-generate unit test codes.


**Accuracy of the LLM**
The response provided by the LLMs may not be accurate as it has been observed in numerous studies. Therefore, our group has decided to follow the ‘Rules of 3’, which was mentioned during the lecture. To maintain a better credible source of information generated by the AI, our group has decided that based on the seriousness of the question we ask, we shall have different policies.
i. Seriousness High
Use three different AI models and ask exactly the same question. The AI models that we are thinking of are Ollama (CodeLama or Mistral based on the type of question), ChatGPT, and Gemini. Combine the answers given by different LLM models and if necessary, google if the information is correct or not.
ii. Seriousness Low
Use two different AI models and ask exactly the same question. The AI models that we are thinking of are Ollama (CodeLama or Mistral based on the type of question), and ChatGPT. We shall read the answers and follow the one that makes more sense.


**Traceability of LLM**
To ensure the traceability of the LLM, if the answers provided by the LLM are to be used during the assignments, we shall document the interaction between us and the LLM (questions asked and answers received) on a document and add it at the dedicated Wiki page to show how the LLM has been used throughout the project. If there were any errors observed with the LLM’s answer, this shall also be documented.
